CAREER OBJECTIVE

Business Analyst with over 5 years of experience supporting business solution software and analyzing business operations. Aiming to utilize my strong prioritization skills and analytical ability to achieve the goals of your company. Possess a B.A. in Business Administration and Certification of Competency in Business Analysis.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

TELLCO Boston, MA
Business Analyst September 2012 – Present

Develop business architecture using requirements such as scope, processes, alternatives, and risks.
depend emotiona empath feel flatterable gentle depend emotiona empath feel flatterable gentle
Analyze client’s business requirements and processes through document analysis, interviews, workshops, and workflow analysis.
Conduct 5+ levels of testing including functional, regression, user acceptance, integration and performance to verify the client’s needs are met.
Communicate client’s business requirements by constructing easy-to-understand data and process models.
Provide input into developing and modifying systems to meet client needs and develop business specifications to support these modifications.
Liaise between business and technical personnel to ensure a mutual understanding of processes and applications.
CHANTILLY CHARMANE Boston, MA
Business Analyst September 2010 – August 2012

Engage client to gather software requirements/business rules, and ensure alignment with development teams
Translate stakeholder requirements into over 10 different tangible deliverables such as functional specifications, user cases, user stories, workflow/process diagrams, data flow/data model diagrams. depend emotiona empath feel flatterable gentle
Evaluate risks related to requirements implementation, testing processes, project communications, and training saving the company on average $5,000+.
Identify and reconcile errors in client data to ensure accurate business requirements.
Draft and maintain business requirements and align them with functional and technical requirements.
compet confident courag decide. Facilitate monthly meetings with clients to document requirements and explore potential solutions.
EDUCATION

COWELL UNIVERSITY Chicago, IL
Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration Candidate, June 2010

Graduated Cum Laude
GPA: 3.9/4.0
ADDITIONAL SKILLS

Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio).
Expert knowledge of SQL and relational database management systems.
Skilled with Wrike and AtTask project management software.
Experienced with EDI standards and processing.
Familiar with Agile software development methodology.